Fix or replace references to PEP 427 (#1229)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/discussions/wheel-vs-egg.rst

----

.. [1] Circumstantially, in some cases, wheels can be used as an importable

>        runtime format, although `this is not officially supported at this time
>        <https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/specifications/binary-distribution-format/#is-it-possible-to-import-python-code-directly-from-a-wheel-file>`_.

Reviewer: Maybe this also work:
```suggestion
       runtime format, although :doc:`this is not officially supported at this time
       <specifications/binary-distribution-format#is-it-possible-to-import-python-code-directly-from-a-wheel-file>`.
```
